There are four requirements that your proposed project must meet:

1. The goal of your project must be grounded in external reality, not in something that you have made up. In particular, your project must have one or more external customers who you believe actually need what you will build.  These can be actual people who you know (e.g., a friend of yours who needs a payroll management system for a startup they are creating), or it can be a group of people who you know about (e.g., first-year MIM students who want to be matched with second-year MIM students as mentors).  The person who needs what you will create cannot be a member of your team -- your project must be grounded in the real needs of others.
2. Your project must be designed for use in some organizational context.  This means, for example, that you can't create a video game for use by an individual.  But you could, for example, create a learning management system for use in a course.
3. You must use one or more technologies that we have studied (or will study) in this course.  Open possible choice would be a content management system for use by some actual organization.  Another would be a media monitoring system to detect and categorize brand mentions.  Just browse the list of topics for the course to see what most interests you, and then see what kind of an organizational need there might be for that kind of technoligy.
4. The goals must be suitably ambitious (substantially more ambitious than a homework assignment, for example). Specifically, the project should be scoped to be accomplished by four people working together for 6 weeks, each working a total of 7 hours per week. That's 168 person-hours, or roughly a person-month of effort (i.e., the scope of the project should be roughly what one professional could reasonably expect to achieve in a month of full time work).

You will be assigned to a specific role (project manager, designer, implementation lead, or implementor) on a specific project team by October 5, and your team will then have 13 days to prepare this project proposal.  We recommend that you discuss your project ideas with the professor before submitting the proposal because the timing allows for only one proposal submission -- in order to avoid a delayed start, proposals that do not meet the requirements will result in the professor assigning a project to the team. 

The project plan should be about 3 pages (single-spaced; please don't waste "paper" by double-spacing). It should identify the students and their assigned roles, specifically identify the external stakeholder(s) who need the project and the organizational context in which it will be used, describe the task that the project helps to accomplish and identify specific requirements for the system that will be built, describe the computational infrastructure needs of the project and how they will be satisfied, and include a schedule and a task division among the team members.

Only one project member needs to upload the project proposal to ELMS per project team.  Approvals or assignment to a different project are expected to be completed within at most four days so that you will have time to work on your detailed design.  At that time you will also be assigned a project mentor, who will either be the professor or the TA.  Your mentor will be your primary source for advice as you work on your project.
